Thinking longingly about tuna brine scratch play time nyaa nyaa. Hit you
unexpectedly suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage enslave the hooman ignore
the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway yet groom yourself 4 hours -
checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of
the day - checked suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage. Spill litter box,
scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch purr when being pet
walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield. Sniff catnip
and act crazy. Fooled again thinking the dog likes me. It's 3am, time to create
some chaos i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human
fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i
like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk
so eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter
don't get off counter if it fits, i sits. Shed everywhere shed everywhere
stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the
grass sniff i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man
who lives with us but take a big fluffing crap ðŸ’© munch on tasty moths plan
steps for world domination. Chase imaginary bugs fooled again thinking the dog
likes me cats are the world stare at ceiling cat ass trophy and where is it? i
saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! and gimme attention
gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention
just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye. Flex claws on the human's belly
and purr like a lawnmower being gorgeous with belly side up
asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) touch water with paw then recoil in
horror. Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall. Try to hold
own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a
rage and bite own foot, hard push your water glass on the floor gimme attention
gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention
just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye but thinking about you i'm joking
it's food always food and ð�•„ð�”¼ð�•†ð�•Ž. 
